Hi! Welcome to the Reentry Assistant.
To ensure you're set up for success, here are a few grounding instructions.
This helps them understand the best way to support you as you transition back into the community.
As you answer the following questions, you will be interacting with a chatbot, not a live person.
The questions will cover topics related to education, employment, finances, health, family, housing, hobbies, and alcohol and drugs. Be as open as you are comfortable being!
Your response to this intake will be visible only to IDOC staff.
A few important notes:
Some questions might require careful thought. Feel free to pause and reflect as much as you need.
Your progress is automatically saved, so you can leave the intake chat and return later if you need to pause.
This intake should be completed before your next meeting with your case manager. The sooner you can finish it, the better.
Now, let's get ready. Press "Start Intake" to begin.